== DESCRIPTION:
This contains a set of processes that shows the different Tempo possibilities through a set of processes.
For each process description, see below

== PROCESSES
=== Attachments
Show how to pass attachments from one task to an other one
=== CreateExample
Show how to create and complete tasks using only the different Tempo APIs
=== Escalate
Shows how a task can be escalated to other users, when an event has occured.
=== LoopProject
Not fully related to tempo, but shows how to create loops
=== PageFlowTests
Display a set of forms without returning to the task list, this is call page flow
=== PipaWithUploadAndNotificationWithLink
This was for a customer. Upload a file in a pipa, and then present the link of the uploaded file in a notification.
=== RBACTest
A few requests to the Tempo security service
=== Reassign
Reassign a task from one user to another one
=== RussianSample
A simple i18n test
===  SimpleCreateComplete
This is what we call create complete in Tempo, meaning the process creates a task, this task shows up in the task list of the user, the user fills the form, and after submitting the form the task is then marked as completed and does not appear in the task list of the user anymore
=== TestProcessForStibo
The goal of this process, is to ensure that 3 tasks, and the notification are being assigned the same process instanceId.
=== Upload
Simply uploading files in xforms
=== XPathConstraint
Some checks on field type.

== LICENSE:
 
Copyright 2009 Intalio, Inc.
 
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); 
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. 
You may obtain a copy of the License at 
 
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 
 
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software 
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and 
limitations under the License.